fraba^Dijon Ville
frabf^Périgueux
frabg^Besançon Viotte
frace^Dole Ville
fracg^Dax
frack^Cherbourg
fracl^Angers St Laud
fracr^Laval
frade^Metz Ville
fradi^Dunkerque
fradj^Lille Flandres
fradm^Tourcoing
fradp^Roubaix
fraea^Calais Ville
fraeb^Boulogne Ville
fraee^Pau
fraef^Hendaye
fraeg^Strasbourg
fraej^Colmar
fraek^Mulhouse Ville
fraes^Avignon Centre
fraet^Le Mans
fraez^Le Havre
frafj^Albi ville
frafk^Orléans
frafw^Tours
fragf^Agen
fragq^Limoges Bénédictins
fragr^Modane
fraie^Aix en Provence TGV
frang^Angoulême
frasg^Auxerre Saint Gervais
fravg^Avignon TGV
frbes^Brest
frbiq^Biarritz
frboj^Bordeaux St-Jean
frbor^Belfort
frbou^Bourges
frbqt^Forbach
frbve^Brive La Gaillarde
frbzr^Béziers
frccf^Carcassonne
frcfe^Clermont Ferrand
frcfr^Caen
frchr^Châteauroux
frcmf^Chambéry Challes Les Eaux
frcql^Longueau
frcsf^Creil
frdht^Versailles Chantiers
frdju^Massy TGV
frdqc^Vernon
freah^Champagne Ardenne TGV
freaj^Meuse TGV
fream^Lorraine TGV
fregc^Bergerac
freip^Surgères
frenc^Nancy Ville
frepl^Epinal
fresl^Vendôme Villiers sur Loir
frevx^Evreux Normandie
frfac^Facture-Biganos
frfni^Nîmes
frgfi^Orthez
frgfr^Granville
frggp^Guingamp
frgnb^Grenoble
frgnx^Montargis
frhgu^Macon Ville
frhhd^St Etienne Châteaucreux
frhza^Arles
frihw^Avignon Sud
frisi^Laroche Migennes
frjca^Cannes
frjdq^Lyon St Exupéry TGV
frjee^La Baule Escoublac
frlab^Les Aubrais Orléans
frlde^Lourdes
frlle^Lille Europe
frlne^Lunéville
frlpd^Lyon Part Dieu
frlpe^Lyon Perrache
frlrh^La Rochelle Ville
frlrt^Lorient
frlwy^Longwy
frmaz^Miramas
frmcu^Montluçon Ville
frmlt^Macon Loche TGV
frmlv^Marne la Vallée Chessy
frmlw^Aéroport CDG  2 TGV
frmpl^Montpellier St Roch
frmsc^Marseille St Charles
frmxn^Morlaix
frncy^Annecy
frnic^Nice Ville
frnit^Niort
frnte^Nantes
frnvs^Nevers
frpaz^Paris Austerlitz
frpbe^Paris Bercy
frpgf^Perpignan
frpis^Poitiers
frply^Paris Gare de Lyon
frpmo^Paris Montparnasse
frpno^Paris Nord
frpsl^Paris St Lazare
frpst^Paris Est
frqam^Amiens
frqbm^Bourg St Maurice
frqmu^Moutiers Salins Brides-les-Bains
frqnj^Arcachon
frqrv^Arras
frqtj^Chartres
frqxb^Aix en Provence
frqyr^Troyes
frrco^Rochefort
frrdz^Rodez
frrhe^Reims
frrns^Rennes
frryn^Royan
frsbk^St Brieuc
frsne^Saverne
frsnr^St Nazaire
frsth^Calais Frethun
frtgo^Futuroscope
frthp^TGV Haute Picardie
frtln^Toulon
frtrd^Trouville Deauville
fruip^Quimper
frurd^Rouen Rive Droite
frvaf^Valence Ville 
frvdr^Val De Reuil
frvhy^Vichy
frvla^Valence TGV Rhône Alpes Sud
frvne^Vannes
frxab^Abbeville
frxai^Aix les Bains le Revard
frxat^Antibes
frxav^Albertville
frxbd^Bar le Duc
frxbf^Bellegarde
frxbh^Béthune
frxbk^Bourg en Bresse
frxbq^Blois
frxbv^Beaune
frxby^Bayonne
frxcc^Le Creusot TGV
frxcd^Chalon sur Saône
frxcp^Compiègne
frxcr^Chalons en Champagne
frxcx^Châtellerault
frxcy^Château Thierry
frxcz^Charleville Mézières
frxdn^Douai
frxdr^Dreux
frxeb^Evian les Bains
frxep^Epernay
frxgf^St Gervais les Bains - Le Fayet
frxjz^St Jean de Luz Ciboure
frxle^Lens
frxll^Lons le Saunier
frxlr^Libourne
frxlx^Lisieux
frxmf^Montbéliard
frxmj^Mont de Marsan
frxmk^Montélimar
frxmm^Monaco Monte Carlo
frxmr^Marmande
frxmt^Menton
frxmu^Moulins Sur Allier
frxmw^Montauban Ville Bourbon
frxna^Narbonne
frxrn^Redon
frxro^La Roche sur Yon
frxrs^Les Arcs Draguignan
frxsh^St Pierre des Corps
frxsj^St Quentin
frxsk^St Raphaël Valescure
frxst^Saintes
frxsy^Sète
frxtb^Tarbes
frxtd^Saint-Dié-des-Vosges
frxth^Thionville
frxuy^Auray
frxvo^Vesoul
frxvs^Valenciennes
frxvz^Vierzon Ville
frxyt^Toulouse Matabiau
frzao^Cahors
